Add VM Scheduling (#385)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/node/rke2-cluster.md

   values: us-east-1a
   ```
   ![affinity-add-rules](/img/v1.2/rancher/affinity-rke2-add-rules.png)

#### Add Workload Affinity

_Available as of v1.2.0 + Rancher v2.7.6_

The workload affinity rules allow you to constrain which nodes your machines can be scheduled on based on the labels of workloads (VMs and Pods) already running on that node, instead of the node labels.

> Workload affinity rules can be added to the machine pools during the cluster creation:

Author: Yes, any changes in the machine config will trigger VM re-deployment. I'll add the note

> Workload affinity rules can be added to the machine pools during the cluster creation:

Author: added. https://github.com/harvester/docs/pull/385/commits/94c9acd67cc3b5d34b17a7ffaa2b4e6f079743e9

> 1. Click the `Show Advanced` button and click the `Add Workload Selector`
>    ![affinity-add-workload-selector](/img/v1.2/rancher/affinity-rke2-add-workload-selector.png)
> 2. Select `Type`, `Affinity` or `Anti-Affinity`
> 3. Select `Priority`, `Prefered` means it's a `soft` rule, and `Required` means it's a `hard` rule.
> 4. Select the namespaces for the target workloads.
> 5. Click `Add Rule` to specify the workload affinity rules.
> 6. Set `Topology Key` to specify the label key that divides Harvester hosts into different topologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Show Advanced** button and click **Add Workload Selector**.
   ![affinity-add-workload-selector](/img/v1.2/rancher/affinity-rke2-add-workload-selector.png)
2. Select **Type**, **Affinity** or **Anti-Affinity**.
3. Select **Priority**. **Prefered** means it's an optional rule, and **Required** means a mandatory rule.
4. Select the namespaces for the target workloads.
5. Click **Add Rule** to specify the workload affinity rules.
6. Set **Topology Key** to specify the label key that divides Harvester hosts into different topologies.
```

Reviewer: We are now using bold for UI keywords

> See the [Kubernetes Pod Affinity and Anti-Affinity Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#inter-pod-affinity-and-anti-affinity) for more details.

Author: added. https://github.com/harvester/docs/pull/385/commits/56424b7793c28d77279332c502a05b940ff03724

   values: us-east-1a
   ```
   ![affinity-add-rules](/img/v1.2/rancher/affinity-rke2-add-rules.png)

#### Add Workload Affinity

_Available as of v1.2.0 + Rancher v2.7.6_

The workload affinity rules allow you to constrain which nodes your machines can be scheduled on based on the labels of workloads (VMs and Pods) already running on these nodes, instead of the node labels.

Workload affinity rules can be added to the machine pools during the cluster creation:

> 1. Click the **Show Advanced** button and click **Add Workload Selector**.
>    ![affinity-add-workload-selector](/img/v1.2/rancher/affinity-rke2-add-workload-selector.png)
> 2. Select **Type**, **Affinity** or **Anti-Affinity**.
> 3. Select **Priority**. **Prefered** means it's an optional rule, and **Required** means a mandatory rule.
> 4. Select the namespaces for the target workloads.
> 5. Click **Add Rule** to specify the workload affinity rules.
> 6. Set **Topology Key** to specify the label key that divides Harvester hosts into different topologies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **Show Advanced** and choose **Add Workload Selector**.
   ![affinity-add-workload-selector](/img/v1.2/rancher/affinity-rke2-add-workload-selector.png)
2. Select **Type**, **Affinity** or **Anti-Affinity**.
3. Select **Priority**. **Prefered** means it's an optional rule, and **Required** means a mandatory rule.
4. Select the namespaces for the target workloads.
5. Select **Add Rule** to specify the workload affinity rules.
6. Set **Topology Key** to specify the label key that divides Harvester hosts into different topologies.
```

See the [Kubernetes Pod Affinity and Anti-Affinity Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#inter-pod-affinity-and-anti-affinity) for more details.

###  Update RKE2 Kubernetes Cluster

> The fields highlighted in the following image of the RKE2 machine pool are the Harvester VM configurations. Any changes to these fields will result in nodes reprovisioning.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The fields highlighted in the following image of the RKE2 machine pool represent the Harvester VM configurations. Any modifications to these fields will trigger node reprovisioning.
```

> The fields highlighted in the following image of the RKE2 machine pool represent the Harvester VM configurations. Any modifications to these fields will trigger node reprovisioning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fields highlighted below of the RKE2 machine pool represent the Harvester VM configurations. Any modifications to these fields will trigger node reprovisioning.
```
